---
title: Adoba
description: A super clean website for a 3D visualization architecture studio
image:
  src: https://tiantsoarabemananjara.com/works/adoba/adoba.webp
  alt: A screen of Adoba
  width: 540 
  height: 373
project: Adoba
thumbnail: 
    src: /works/adoba/adoba-thumbnail.webp
    alt: A screen of Adoba
    width: 1660 
    height: 1246
year: 2024
roles: [Art Direction, Web Design, Web Development]
link: https://adoba.agency/
---

::work-hero
---
project: Adoba
img: /works/adoba/adoba-hero.webp
---
A super clean website for Adoba - a 3D visualization architecture studio.
::

::work-info
---
year: 2024
link: https://adoba.agency/
roles: [Art Direction, Web Design, Web Development]
---
Adoba is a 3D architectural visualization studio that offers immersive digital solutions and innovative visual experiences in the world of architecture, real estate and construction. 
<br><br>
They ambition to empower architects and real estate developers by showcasing their projects to potential clients and investors in the most captivating way.
::

::work-video
---
video: /works/adoba/adoba-main.mp4
---
::

::work-section
---
title: Challenge
---
The challenge was to design and develop a website, highlighting the studio’s portfolio through a creative and minimalist approach with an emphasis on engaging animations and micro-interactions.
::

::work-video
---
video: /works/adoba/adoba-2.mp4
---
::

::work-img
---
img: /works/adoba/adoba-visite-virtuelle.webp
---
::


::work-banner
---
img: /works/adoba/adoba-banner.webp
---
::

::work-section
---
title: Process
---
The journey begins with an in-depth analysis of Adoba’s brand (values, vision and target audience) and a competitive landscape. A minimalist design aesthetic, inline with their brand identity was chosen to ensure website’s visual elements complement the showcased projects. 
<br><br>
Custom animations were thoughtfully integrated throughout the site, offering users a glimpse into the dynamic and immersive nature of their services. Using modern web development techniques, the website is crafted to be both functional and visually appealing.
::

::work-video
---
video: /works/adoba/adoba-3.mp4
---
::

::work-section
---
title: Outcome
---
Through collaboration and creativity, the creation of the Adoba’s website serves as a cornerstone of the studio’s successful growth in the architectural visualization landscape.
::

::work-gallery
---
imgLeft: /works/adoba/adoba-cta.webp
imgRight: /works/adoba/adoba-contact.webp
---
::
